-: Welcome back.
In this demo
we are going to implement
the Kubernetes ingress SSL redirect use case.
So this network diagram
is from our previous section,
which is SSL ingress.
And as part of this section
we are going to add the annotations
related to SSL redirect in the ingress service.
And then whenever we redeploy this Kubernetes manifest
so it is going to do a HTTP to HTTPS redirect
for all the URLs.
So which means all the applications
deployed using this ingress service
will be only accessible using HTTPS URLs.
And whenever you access with HTTP
automatically it'll redirect to HTTPS.
So let's go back to our GitHub repository
and enter into the section 0805 ALB ingress SSL redirect.
So if you see the Kube manifest
so those are going to be same as the previous section
copy of the previous section which is ingress SSL.
Only thing is
we are going to add a annotation
related to SSL redirect.
So let me copy this SSL redirect related annotation
and go to Visual Studio Code.
And we are in section 0805 ALB ingress SSL redirect
and in Kube manifest section 04 ALB ingress SSL redirect.
So you can find here the name of my ingress service
is same thing which is ingress SSL demo.
So if you go here and say kubectl get ingress.
So you'll find the ingress SSL demo related
ingress service only.
So as part of previous demo really didn't clean up anything.
We are continuing tools from 0803 demo to 0804 demo
which is 04 demo to 05 demo
which is ingress SSL to ingress SSL redirect.
See the ingress service is already created
and it is present there.
So for this ingress service
we are going to just add one more annotation
which is nothing but SSL redirect setting.
So in this redirect setting,
so to which port it need to redirect,
we are provided here which is 443, right?
So port 80 will redirect to 443 here.
So now let's come back here and come out of 0804
and go to 0805, which is ALB ingress SSL redirect section.
So there only you have added this change which is
SSL redirect annotation.
So now you'll say kubectl apply -F kube manifest
and there should not be any changes
for your app one app two app three related deployment
and note port services.
So you can see all six should be unchanged
but your ingress SSL demo
should be in the configured state,
which means the ingress annotation,
whatever you have added related to redirect
should be applied now.
So now let's come back here and go to the load balancer
and refresh it and go to listeners.
And if you go to this respect to port 80 listeners, right?
So inside that you should not find
any app one app two app app three related
or default backend related rules now,
so you should have only one thing which says
that redirect to 443 port.
So this is because of
whatever you have added the annotation here.
And if you remove this annotation
all three default rules app one app to app three
will be there how you have seen
in the SSL use case demo, right?
So now let's come back here and test the same thing, right?
So let's access the HTTP URLs
and those should directly redirect to HTTPS.
So in this, if any caching is there
maybe we'll go to the new incognito mode and access it.
And if you see here I am accessing the SSL URL
and it automatically redirected to the SSL
I accessed the HTTP URL
and it redirected to the HTTPS URL
and you can find the certificate here.
And same way we will go back here, right?
And take the app2 URL and come here and access it.
If you see here I'm accessing the HTTP URL
and it should redirect to HTTPS.
You can see here connection is secure
and certificate is valid.
Same applies for the app three, which is root context.
We have accessed HTTP URL
and it redirected successfully HTTPS.
And you can see connection is secure
and certificate is valid.
So this completes the SSL redirect related demo.
So we'll go ahead and then clean up these things.
So I'll go back here
and say kubectl delete -F kube manifest.
And once this is deleted,
we are also going to crosscheck
whether our load balancer is successfully destroyed or not.
So all the deployments and notebook services were deleted
and ingress related service also deleted.
So let's refresh here and it is gone.
This is good.
So now also go to the Route 53 related service
and go to the SSL day hosted zone
and go to stacksimplify.com.
In your case, it'll be yourdomain.com
and remove the SSL demo one related DNS record
whatever we have created, right?
So I'll delete the record SSLdemo101.stacksimplify.com
right? So this completes the cleanup part.
In our next section
we are going to focus on very, very important topic
which is external DNS fo Kubernetes on AWS cloud.
So I'll see you in the next section.
Until then, bye bye.
Thank you.